Updated release versions for azure-cosmos 4.17.0, azure-spring-data-cosmos 3.9.0 (#22847)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

## Release History

### 4.17.0 (2021-07-08)
#### New Features
* Adjust MicroBatchSize dynamically based on throttling rate in BulkExecutor.

#### Key Bug Fixes

> * Fixed an issue where authentication context was missing in Barrier related requests.

Reviewer: this fix some specific to AAD only.

```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where AAD authentication context was missing in Barrier related requests.
```

Author: Updated, thanks @moderakh

Reviewer: this fix some specific to AAD only also as this is targeting end users who don't know what barrier request is maybe something like this:

```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with AAD authentication in Strong and BoundedStatelness direct mode.
```
